Yeah, if I had to start again with a Yeah, if I had to start again with a Yeah, if I had to start again with a small account, I would definitely swing small account, I would definitely swing small account, I would definitely swing I would probably do like three to five I would probably do like three to five I would probably do like three to five to 10 uh day type of swing trading and to 10 uh day type of swing trading and to 10 uh day type of swing trading and just, you know, compound compound it just, you know, compound compound it just, you know, compound compound it very fast. Long short. I wouldn't day very fast. Long short. I wouldn't day very fast. Long short. I wouldn't day trade and I would also not do like a trade and I would also not do like a trade and I would also not do like a longer term swing trading like longer term swing trading like longer term swing trading like multi-week, multimonth. multi-week, multimonth. multi-week, multimonth. I would do shorter swing trading few I would do shorter swing trading few I would do shorter swing trading few days to maybe a week or two tops and just trade the highest ADR highest and just trade the highest ADR highest and just trade the highest ADR highest long short that's where the edge is the long short that's where the edge is the long short that's where the edge is the How do I like the base on Tupperware? How do I like the base on Tupperware? How do I like the base on Tupperware? Oo, they have earnings soon, you know. Oo, they have earnings soon, you know. Oo, they have earnings soon, you know. Oh, it's so thin. But this this thing Oh, it's so thin. But this this thing Oh, it's so thin. But this this thing can break out on earnings. This is the can break out on earnings. This is the can break out on earnings. This is the type of stock can go make big moves. type of stock can go make big moves. type of stock can go make big moves. Look at the weekly. It's high tide Look at the weekly. It's high tide Look at the weekly. It's high tide flagging on the weekly. Wow. I think it flagging on the weekly. Wow. I think it flagging on the weekly. Wow. I think it needs to uh break out on they have needs to uh break out on they have needs to uh break out on they have earnings in next week, I think. Yeah, earnings in next week, I think. Yeah, earnings in next week, I think. Yeah, next Wednesday. Looks good. Building higher lows getting tighter. I Building higher lows getting tighter. I Building higher lows getting tighter. I Yeah, Farfetch is something I had my Yeah, Farfetch is something I had my Yeah, Farfetch is something I had my watch list coming into today. I think it watch list coming into today. I think it watch list coming into today. I think it needs a few more days than it's going to needs a few more days than it's going to needs a few more days than it's going to go. Building higher lows. go. Building higher lows. go. Building higher lows. I would have preferred it to stay tight I would have preferred it to stay tight I would have preferred it to stay tight I would have preferred a few more days I would have preferred a few more days I would have preferred a few more days Definitely not a five or four star Definitely not a five or four star Definitely not a five or four star This hasn't even gone yet. Wake me up This hasn't even gone yet. Wake me up This hasn't even gone yet. Wake me up when it's at uh mid highs. when it's at uh mid highs. when it's at uh mid highs. It's only up a few% from where I bought It's only up a few% from where I bought It's only up a few% from where I bought it. I don't even care about it. it. I don't even care about it. it. I don't even care about it. I want big moves. Arcade is got nice big I want big moves. Arcade is got nice big I want big moves. Arcade is got nice big nearing 30% from entry. That's the moves nearing 30% from entry. That's the moves nearing 30% from entry. That's the moves Explosive moves. This is why you trade Explosive moves. This is why you trade Explosive moves. This is why you trade high ADR stocks or at least higher ADR. Is Airbnb going? No, it's not. It's bar. Is Airbnb going? No, it's not. It's bar. Is Airbnb going? No, it's not. It's bar. It's barely above yesterday's size Well, I would have preferred a few more Well, I would have preferred a few more Well, I would have preferred a few more well, maybe we get a setup in a few well, maybe we get a setup in a few well, maybe we get a setup in a few If is S is F FSR an example how to trade If is S is F FSR an example how to trade If is S is F FSR an example how to trade a stock post earnings. Uh when were the a stock post earnings. Uh when were the a stock post earnings. Uh when were the earnings? This thing doesn't even have earnings? This thing doesn't even have earnings? This thing doesn't even have any earnings. Isn't it the concept any earnings. Isn't it the concept any earnings. Isn't it the concept This this it has no earnings. This this it has no earnings. This this it has no earnings. Well, no. This was an episodic pivot. It Well, no. This was an episodic pivot. It Well, no. This was an episodic pivot. It memorandum understand with Foxcon memorandum understand with Foxcon memorandum understand with Foxcon and uh obviously you know the volume was and uh obviously you know the volume was and uh obviously you know the volume was very big volume it's a hot sector very big volume it's a hot sector very big volume it's a hot sector electric vehicles it's been building electric vehicles it's been building electric vehicles it's been building higher lows at this long base higher lows at this long base higher lows at this long base you know that that told me there's you know that that told me there's you know that that told me there's interest in this thing you got to put interest in this thing you got to put interest in this thing you got to put these things together hot sector like these things together hot sector like these things together hot sector like all these EV stocks have made big big all these EV stocks have made big big all these EV stocks have made big big moves over the past 6 months, 12 months, moves over the past 6 months, 12 months, moves over the past 6 months, 12 months, some stuff like NIO, Tesla, some stuff like NIO, Tesla, some stuff like NIO, Tesla, uh, XPV, LII, now obviously these are uh, XPV, LII, now obviously these are uh, XPV, LII, now obviously these are now fading and this one is just coming now fading and this one is just coming now fading and this one is just coming out of a long long base and had big out of a long long base and had big out of a long long base and had big volume. That that's why I bought it. You always want to buy things coming out You always want to buy things coming out You always want to buy things coming out of big big bases. stump something like W of big big bases. stump something like W of big big bases. stump something like W yesterday broke a six-mon base. yesterday broke a six-mon base. yesterday broke a six-mon base. Um something like uh rocket I bought Um something like uh rocket I bought Um something like uh rocket I bought yesterday also broke a long long base yesterday also broke a long long base yesterday also broke a long long base five six months with higher lows. five six months with higher lows. five six months with higher lows. Look at the volume here. These are the Look at the volume here. These are the Look at the volume here. These are the types of things you want to find when I bought Celsius. when I bought Celsius. when I bought Celsius. broke out of a, you know, nice base, broke out of a, you know, nice base, broke out of a, you know, nice base, higher lows, and it had earnings. Look higher lows, and it had earnings. Look higher lows, and it had earnings. Look at the volume. This is where I bought at the volume. This is where I bought at the volume. This is where I bought it. I bought it like 28 bucks or it. I bought it like 28 bucks or it. I bought it like 28 bucks or something, and then I sold it at like something, and then I sold it at like something, and then I sold it at like 40, and now it's at 70 almost bought the long base, higher lows. It bought the long base, higher lows. It bought the long base, higher lows. It got tighter and tighter. broke out on got tighter and tighter. broke out on got tighter and tighter. broke out on not super volume but it had some you not super volume but it had some you not super volume but it had some you know it wasn't really super but it broke know it wasn't really super but it broke know it wasn't really super but it broke out and now look at it the same pattern out and now look at it the same pattern out and now look at it the same pattern if you just learn it's one pattern you if you just learn it's one pattern you if you just learn it's one pattern you can afford anything you want in life and now if you also have a little bit of and now if you also have a little bit of and now if you also have a little bit of brain power and put things together like brain power and put things together like brain power and put things together like what if it's a hot sector if it's an what if it's a hot sector if it's an what if it's a hot sector if it's an intriguing story if there are you know intriguing story if there are you know intriguing story if there are you know if there's big you know triple digit if there's big you know triple digit if there's big you know triple digit growth you will have an even bigger edge growth you will have an even bigger edge growth you will have an even bigger edge but that is not needed. You can just but that is not needed. You can just but that is not needed. You can just purely trade momentum. You make a you purely trade momentum. You make a you purely trade momentum. You make a you can have very very good returns. And obviously having a good market helps And obviously having a good market helps And obviously having a good market helps a lot too because none of these things a lot too because none of these things a lot too because none of these things are going to work. Breakouts are not are going to work. Breakouts are not are going to work. Breakouts are not going to work in a declining market. You going to work in a declining market. You going to work in a declining market. You can forget about it. That's why I've can forget about it. That's why I've can forget about it. That's why I've been so cautious over the past few weeks been so cautious over the past few weeks been so cautious over the past few weeks because I know you can get chopped up because I know you can get chopped up because I know you can get chopped up really fast if you start buying really fast if you start buying really fast if you start buying breakouts in a non-favorable market. LC breakouts in a non-favorable market. LC breakouts in a non-favorable market. LC maybe in a few days could be nice. Do I follow any news source? I subscribe Do I follow any news source? I subscribe Do I follow any news source? I subscribe to a few, but I don't really follow to a few, but I don't really follow to a few, but I don't really follow them. I only use them when I need um to them. I only use them when I need um to them. I only use them when I need um to check on some specific stock, but I check on some specific stock, but I check on some specific stock, but I don't follow any news feeds. No, I think don't follow any news feeds. No, I think don't follow any news feeds. No, I think it's a waste of time. How do you know whether it's How do you know whether it's How do you know whether it's You can see it clearly. You can see it clearly. You can see it clearly. Look at the higher lows. Look at how Look at the higher lows. Look at how Look at the higher lows. Look at how it's getting tighter. And also, you know, anytime a stock goes And also, you know, anytime a stock goes And also, you know, anytime a stock goes up uh 1,500% in a few months, you know, up uh 1,500% in a few months, you know, up uh 1,500% in a few months, you know, some sideways, you know, it's just some sideways, you know, it's just some sideways, you know, it's just expected. You know, if you look at the expected. You know, if you look at the expected. You know, if you look at the weekly, it was a, you know, pretty weekly, it was a, you know, pretty weekly, it was a, you know, pretty But yeah, higher lows, higher lows is But yeah, higher lows, higher lows is But yeah, higher lows, higher lows is I usually wait for market hours. I usually wait for market hours. I usually wait for market hours. Anytime I buy any episodic pivot Anytime I buy any episodic pivot Anytime I buy any episodic pivot premarket, it always stops me out. I I'm premarket, it always stops me out. I I'm premarket, it always stops me out. I I'm having the worst luck with episodic having the worst luck with episodic having the worst luck with episodic pivots in pre-market. Always stops me out. Super weird. Yeah, if I had to start again with a Yeah, if I had to start again with a Yeah, if I had to start again with a small account, I would definitely swing small account, I would definitely swing small account, I would definitely swing I would probably do like three to five I would probably do like three to five I would probably do like three to five to 10 uh day type of swing trading and to 10 uh day type of swing trading and to 10 uh day type of swing trading and just, you know, compound compound it just, you know, compound compound it just, you know, compound compound it very fast. long short I wouldn't day very fast. long short I wouldn't day very fast. long short I wouldn't day trade and I would also not do like a trade and I would also not do like a trade and I would also not do like a longerterm swing trading like multi-week longerterm swing trading like multi-week longerterm swing trading like multi-week I would do shorter swing trading few I would do shorter swing trading few I would do shorter swing trading few days to maybe a week or two tops days to maybe a week or two tops days to maybe a week or two tops and just tra trade the highest ADR and just tra trade the highest ADR and just tra trade the highest ADR highest momentum stocks highest momentum stocks highest momentum stocks long short that's where the edge is the Yeah, like momentum burst [snorts] open. Yeah, I was actually looking at open. Yeah, I was actually looking at open. Yeah, I was actually looking at again, I wish it was a bit tighter, but again, I wish it was a bit tighter, but again, I wish it was a bit tighter, but yeah, look at the higher lows. It's It's yeah, look at the higher lows. It's It's yeah, look at the higher lows. It's It's an okay setup. Maybe three and a half an okay setup. Maybe three and a half an okay setup. Maybe three and a half Oh, I actually had an alert set on it, Oh, I actually had an alert set on it, Oh, I actually had an alert set on it, but I passed on it because it's a little but I passed on it because it's a little but I passed on it because it's a little bit too thin for me. Ah, I don't know, bit too thin for me. Ah, I don't know, bit too thin for me. Ah, I don't know, man. I don't know. It's not like a, oh, man. I don't know. It's not like a, oh, man. I don't know. It's not like a, oh, it's a screaming buy type of a setup. I it's a screaming buy type of a setup. I it's a screaming buy type of a setup. I would prefer a bit more tightness, but would prefer a bit more tightness, but would prefer a bit more tightness, but yeah. I mean, it looks okay. It looks yeah. I mean, it looks okay. It looks yeah. I mean, it looks okay. It looks I'm getting to a point in my trading I'm getting to a point in my trading I'm getting to a point in my trading like I I really don't care anymore. Like like I I really don't care anymore. Like like I I really don't care anymore. Like I I I want the perfect setups. I I I want the perfect setups. I I I want the perfect setups. I have no desire to trade three star I have no desire to trade three star I have no desire to trade three star setups. I want the five stars only. setups. I want the five stars only. setups. I want the five stars only. Maybe a four star here and there.