Here are my top 10 trading lessons from Here are my top 10 trading lessons from Here are my top 10 trading lessons from 2025 that you can use to level up your 2025 that you can use to level up your 2025 that you can use to level up your P&amp;L this year. I'm Lance Breitstein and P&amp;L this year. I'm Lance Breitstein and P&amp;L this year. I'm Lance Breitstein and I spent 15 years sacrificing my health I spent 15 years sacrificing my health I spent 15 years sacrificing my health for wealth while making over $100 for wealth while making over $100 for wealth while making over $100 million in verified trading profits. million in verified trading profits. million in verified trading profits. Now, I mentor and teach trading because Now, I mentor and teach trading because Now, I mentor and teach trading because trading is hard and most will fail, but trading is hard and most will fail, but trading is hard and most will fail, but my mission is to equip you all with the my mission is to equip you all with the my mission is to equip you all with the same knowledge the pros get. 2025, in my same knowledge the pros get. 2025, in my same knowledge the pros get. 2025, in my opinion, was the second best year I've opinion, was the second best year I've opinion, was the second best year I've ever seen in terms of opportunity. I ever seen in terms of opportunity. I ever seen in terms of opportunity. I find that this holds true not just for find that this holds true not just for find that this holds true not just for me, but across most of the firms and me, but across most of the firms and me, but across most of the firms and traders I work with. Why? Except for traders I work with. Why? Except for traders I work with. Why? Except for 2020, this was the most consistently 2020, this was the most consistently 2020, this was the most consistently active year I've seen and it was active active year I've seen and it was active active year I've seen and it was active across a bunch of various strategies. across a bunch of various strategies. across a bunch of various strategies. Crypto was moving big all year. We had Crypto was moving big all year. We had Crypto was moving big all year. We had the tariff panic with some of the the tariff panic with some of the the tariff panic with some of the biggest moves and breaking news biggest moves and breaking news biggest moves and breaking news opportunities I've ever seen. We had opportunities I've ever seen. We had opportunities I've ever seen. We had periods of some incredible long momentum periods of some incredible long momentum periods of some incredible long momentum plays, like those in the quantum names, plays, like those in the quantum names, plays, like those in the quantum names, Tesla, and more. We had small caps Tesla, and more. We had small caps Tesla, and more. We had small caps waking up. We had hot IPOs like Circle. waking up. We had hot IPOs like Circle. waking up. We had hot IPOs like Circle. We had massive sector rotations out of We had massive sector rotations out of We had massive sector rotations out of and back into froth and speculation and back into froth and speculation and back into froth and speculation fueled by the powerful theme of AI fueled by the powerful theme of AI fueled by the powerful theme of AI innovation. The standout across all of innovation. The standout across all of innovation. The standout across all of those though, this might have been one those though, this might have been one those though, this might have been one of the best breaking news markets ever of the best breaking news markets ever of the best breaking news markets ever due to the quantity and magnitude of due to the quantity and magnitude of due to the quantity and magnitude of moves caused by tariff headlines and moves caused by tariff headlines and moves caused by tariff headlines and AI-related headlines. In my opinion, AI-related headlines. In my opinion, AI-related headlines. In my opinion, most of the months in 2025 would have most of the months in 2025 would have most of the months in 2025 would have been the best month during a normal been the best month during a normal been the best month during a normal average quiet year. So, let's dive into average quiet year. So, let's dive into average quiet year. So, let's dive into it. The first lesson I have for you all it. The first lesson I have for you all it. The first lesson I have for you all was also my most costly lesson this was also my most costly lesson this was also my most costly lesson this year. The biggest mistake I made was not year. The biggest mistake I made was not year. The biggest mistake I made was not having enough cash on hand as collateral having enough cash on hand as collateral having enough cash on hand as collateral in my trading account. Having worked for in my trading account. Having worked for in my trading account. Having worked for a firm most of my career, I hadn't yet a firm most of my career, I hadn't yet a firm most of my career, I hadn't yet had to learn this lesson. Every day I had to learn this lesson. Every day I had to learn this lesson. Every day I showed up and I could rely upon my showed up and I could rely upon my showed up and I could rely upon my buying power being there and even having buying power being there and even having buying power being there and even having more if I needed it. In my trading more if I needed it. In my trading more if I needed it. In my trading account, pretty much all of the account, pretty much all of the account, pretty much all of the collateral is long-term equity holdings. collateral is long-term equity holdings. collateral is long-term equity holdings. Boring stuff like SPY, but also some Boring stuff like SPY, but also some Boring stuff like SPY, but also some longer-term single stock holdings. And longer-term single stock holdings. And longer-term single stock holdings. And during the sell-off, those long-term during the sell-off, those long-term during the sell-off, those long-term holdings got hit hard, really really holdings got hit hard, really really holdings got hit hard, really really hard. So, while the market was offering hard. So, while the market was offering hard. So, while the market was offering some of the best trading opportunities some of the best trading opportunities some of the best trading opportunities of the entire year, panic, dislocation, of the entire year, panic, dislocation, of the entire year, panic, dislocation, forced selling, insane risk reward, my forced selling, insane risk reward, my forced selling, insane risk reward, my long-term book going down meant my long-term book going down meant my long-term book going down meant my buying power got crushed. At a time when buying power got crushed. At a time when buying power got crushed. At a time when I wanted as much buying power as I wanted as much buying power as I wanted as much buying power as possible, I actually ended up trading possible, I actually ended up trading possible, I actually ended up trading off my back foot and needing to factor off my back foot and needing to factor off my back foot and needing to factor in a whole other layer of complex in a whole other layer of complex in a whole other layer of complex decisions that I was not used to. Do I decisions that I was not used to. Do I decisions that I was not used to. Do I sell my long-term equity holdings and sell my long-term equity holdings and sell my long-term equity holdings and SPY for more buying power? How do I sell SPY for more buying power? How do I sell SPY for more buying power? How do I sell this stuff that is down 30% or more when this stuff that is down 30% or more when this stuff that is down 30% or more when it's so likely to bounce? What if I sell it's so likely to bounce? What if I sell it's so likely to bounce? What if I sell all these holdings, then I'm not at my all these holdings, then I'm not at my all these holdings, then I'm not at my desk for that one Trump tweet, and I desk for that one Trump tweet, and I desk for that one Trump tweet, and I miss the whole market bounce anyways? miss the whole market bounce anyways? miss the whole market bounce anyways? Because when the market sells off, your Because when the market sells off, your Because when the market sells off, your investments don't just lose value, they investments don't just lose value, they investments don't just lose value, they steal your ability to deploy capital steal your ability to deploy capital steal your ability to deploy capital into the best expected value setups of into the best expected value setups of into the best expected value setups of the year. The real cost isn't the the year. The real cost isn't the the year. The real cost isn't the drawdown on the long-term holdings, but drawdown on the long-term holdings, but drawdown on the long-term holdings, but the opportunity cost of being handcuffed the opportunity cost of being handcuffed the opportunity cost of being handcuffed during the moments where EV, or expected during the moments where EV, or expected during the moments where EV, or expected value, is the highest. Additionally, I value, is the highest. Additionally, I value, is the highest. Additionally, I never wanted to be margin called and my never wanted to be margin called and my never wanted to be margin called and my trading takes up a ton of margin. As a trading takes up a ton of margin. As a trading takes up a ton of margin. As a result, I was locking in losses to result, I was locking in losses to result, I was locking in losses to reduce exposure while simultaneously reduce exposure while simultaneously reduce exposure while simultaneously swinging the bat a fraction as hard as I swinging the bat a fraction as hard as I swinging the bat a fraction as hard as I would have wanted. The end result, this would have wanted. The end result, this would have wanted. The end result, this mistake, between losses and opportunity mistake, between losses and opportunity mistake, between losses and opportunity cost, probably could have cost me close cost, probably could have cost me close cost, probably could have cost me close Lesson learned, I need to always be Lesson learned, I need to always be Lesson learned, I need to always be thinking about my underlying capital thinking about my underlying capital thinking about my underlying capital because it is often during those moments because it is often during those moments because it is often during those moments when you lack the buying power that you when you lack the buying power that you when you lack the buying power that you want it most. As a result, ever since want it most. As a result, ever since want it most. As a result, ever since then, I've been reducing investments then, I've been reducing investments then, I've been reducing investments across the board and building up across the board and building up across the board and building up liquidity in my portfolio. My advice to liquidity in my portfolio. My advice to liquidity in my portfolio. My advice to you is to reflect on your collateral and you is to reflect on your collateral and you is to reflect on your collateral and stress test it against various market stress test it against various market stress test it against various market scenarios, making sure you will always scenarios, making sure you will always scenarios, making sure you will always have enough ammo to trade when it's best have enough ammo to trade when it's best have enough ammo to trade when it's best rather than being forced into defense. rather than being forced into defense. rather than being forced into defense. Lesson two, experience pays. Never Lesson two, experience pays. Never Lesson two, experience pays. Never forget about those old playbooks you've forget about those old playbooks you've forget about those old playbooks you've built up in past markets. And if you built up in past markets. And if you built up in past markets. And if you don't know what a trading playbook is don't know what a trading playbook is don't know what a trading playbook is yet, make sure you watch this video yet, make sure you watch this video yet, make sure you watch this video where I explain it. This year was a where I explain it. This year was a where I explain it. This year was a reminder that the best and most adaptive reminder that the best and most adaptive reminder that the best and most adaptive traders don't just have one strategy. A traders don't just have one strategy. A traders don't just have one strategy. A robust, resilient trader has a library robust, resilient trader has a library robust, resilient trader has a library of playbooks to utilize when the market of playbooks to utilize when the market of playbooks to utilize when the market calls for it. This year, knowing how to calls for it. This year, knowing how to calls for it. This year, knowing how to trade breaking news paid big. If you trade breaking news paid big. If you trade breaking news paid big. If you traded the 2018 Trump tariff battle with traded the 2018 Trump tariff battle with traded the 2018 Trump tariff battle with China, the playbook was virtually the China, the playbook was virtually the China, the playbook was virtually the same. Building that skill set seven same. Building that skill set seven same. Building that skill set seven years ago paid massive dividends in years ago paid massive dividends in years ago paid massive dividends in 2025. Building a panic playbook from 2025. Building a panic playbook from 2025. Building a panic playbook from 2020 during COVID also paid dividends in 2020 during COVID also paid dividends in 2020 during COVID also paid dividends in 2025. A long momentum playbook from 2025. A long momentum playbook from 2025. A long momentum playbook from years like 2021 paid huge in late 2025. years like 2021 paid huge in late 2025. years like 2021 paid huge in late 2025. I love trading IPOs and a hot IPO market I love trading IPOs and a hot IPO market I love trading IPOs and a hot IPO market is what helped me break out early in my is what helped me break out early in my is what helped me break out early in my career with my first 100k months. So, I career with my first 100k months. So, I career with my first 100k months. So, I was happy to see Circle and a handful of was happy to see Circle and a handful of was happy to see Circle and a handful of other hot IPOs make the return. You get other hot IPOs make the return. You get other hot IPOs make the return. You get the point by now. So, what do you do if the point by now. So, what do you do if the point by now. So, what do you do if you only have one strategy or playbook? you only have one strategy or playbook? you only have one strategy or playbook? If that strategy is working, great. If that strategy is working, great. If that strategy is working, great. Trade it, refine it, grow that play to Trade it, refine it, grow that play to Trade it, refine it, grow that play to the max. But if you ever find yourself the max. But if you ever find yourself the max. But if you ever find yourself in a market where you're not able to in a market where you're not able to in a market where you're not able to capitalize, there's almost always a capitalize, there's almost always a capitalize, there's almost always a strategy out there working. You need to strategy out there working. You need to strategy out there working. You need to take the time to study what the market take the time to study what the market take the time to study what the market is calling for and build that new is calling for and build that new is calling for and build that new playbook. Collaboration with other playbook. Collaboration with other playbook. Collaboration with other traders will help you do so. Observe the traders will help you do so. Observe the traders will help you do so. Observe the charts that are moving even if you charts that are moving even if you charts that are moving even if you aren't trading them. Write up the aren't trading them. Write up the aren't trading them. Write up the charts, build databases of these, and charts, build databases of these, and charts, build databases of these, and reverse engineer how you might be able reverse engineer how you might be able reverse engineer how you might be able to capture the moves. Over time, test to capture the moves. Over time, test to capture the moves. Over time, test and iterate new plays into your and iterate new plays into your and iterate new plays into your repertoire. If you didn't capitalize on repertoire. If you didn't capitalize on repertoire. If you didn't capitalize on some of the amazing breadth of some of the amazing breadth of some of the amazing breadth of opportunities this year, that is life. opportunities this year, that is life. opportunities this year, that is life. Do not feel bad about it, but take Do not feel bad about it, but take Do not feel bad about it, but take action and make sure you're documenting action and make sure you're documenting action and make sure you're documenting them and learning from them. Most people them and learning from them. Most people them and learning from them. Most people watching right now won't actually do watching right now won't actually do watching right now won't actually do this and you'll just keep missing the this and you'll just keep missing the this and you'll just keep missing the big trades while those of you who put in big trades while those of you who put in big trades while those of you who put in the work at least have a chance of the work at least have a chance of the work at least have a chance of catching that next big trade. As we will catching that next big trade. As we will catching that next big trade. As we will get into later, there were tons of areas get into later, there were tons of areas get into later, there were tons of areas this year that I hadn't previously this year that I hadn't previously this year that I hadn't previously successfully traded before, but I was successfully traded before, but I was successfully traded before, but I was able to grow from my mistakes in the able to grow from my mistakes in the able to grow from my mistakes in the past and capture them this year. The past and capture them this year. The past and capture them this year. The market has regimes and each regime market has regimes and each regime market has regimes and each regime rewards different behavior. The mistake rewards different behavior. The mistake rewards different behavior. The mistake I see traders make is they act like what I see traders make is they act like what I see traders make is they act like what worked last month or last year should worked last month or last year should worked last month or last year should work this month or this year. They work this month or this year. They work this month or this year. They become emotionally attached to being one become emotionally attached to being one become emotionally attached to being one type of trader and it becomes their type of trader and it becomes their type of trader and it becomes their trader identity. I'm a momentum guy. I'm trader identity. I'm a momentum guy. I'm trader identity. I'm a momentum guy. I'm a small cap trader or I'm an IPO trader a small cap trader or I'm an IPO trader a small cap trader or I'm an IPO trader or a swing trader. That identity is or a swing trader. That identity is or a swing trader. That identity is dangerous when markets change but you dangerous when markets change but you dangerous when markets change but you don't. So, lesson two is a simple don't. So, lesson two is a simple don't. So, lesson two is a simple reminder. Document your playbooks, reminder. Document your playbooks, reminder. Document your playbooks, research and develop new strategies, and research and develop new strategies, and research and develop new strategies, and over a long enough career, you can rest over a long enough career, you can rest over a long enough career, you can rest assured that that work can pay off big assured that that work can pay off big assured that that work can pay off big over time. Lesson three, even an old dog over time. Lesson three, even an old dog over time. Lesson three, even an old dog can learn new tricks. There were two can learn new tricks. There were two can learn new tricks. There were two areas of improvement that I was areas of improvement that I was areas of improvement that I was particularly proud of this year. The particularly proud of this year. The particularly proud of this year. The first was huge progress I made in my first was huge progress I made in my first was huge progress I made in my ability to recognize changes in market ability to recognize changes in market ability to recognize changes in market structure and sentiment. I had taken structure and sentiment. I had taken structure and sentiment. I had taken time to study what the top looked like time to study what the top looked like time to study what the top looked like in all the frothy names back in 2021. in all the frothy names back in 2021. in all the frothy names back in 2021. Then this year, when baskets of stocks Then this year, when baskets of stocks Then this year, when baskets of stocks started to get really crazy, I did an started to get really crazy, I did an started to get really crazy, I did an amazing job identifying that euphoria as amazing job identifying that euphoria as amazing job identifying that euphoria as the market structure started to break the market structure started to break the market structure started to break down beneath it. This wasn't a call on down beneath it. This wasn't a call on down beneath it. This wasn't a call on the overall market, but just on the most the overall market, but just on the most the overall market, but just on the most overvalued names like the quantum overvalued names like the quantum overvalued names like the quantum sector, rare earth metals, and names sector, rare earth metals, and names sector, rare earth metals, and names like Akelo. Not only was I able to like Akelo. Not only was I able to like Akelo. Not only was I able to capture those names short and even catch capture those names short and even catch capture those names short and even catch the lower high second leg short in many the lower high second leg short in many the lower high second leg short in many of them, but this also helped me avoid of them, but this also helped me avoid of them, but this also helped me avoid losing my gains by continuing to play losing my gains by continuing to play losing my gains by continuing to play long momentum breakouts. Many of my long momentum breakouts. Many of my long momentum breakouts. Many of my peers were still so focused on playing peers were still so focused on playing peers were still so focused on playing long that they didn't notice the long that they didn't notice the long that they didn't notice the momentum breaking down and adapt to momentum breaking down and adapt to momentum breaking down and adapt to those changes. Certainly doing so takes those changes. Certainly doing so takes those changes. Certainly doing so takes a lot of experience and is quite an a lot of experience and is quite an a lot of experience and is quite an advanced skill. I'm not sure I would advanced skill. I'm not sure I would advanced skill. I'm not sure I would have been able to take such a big have been able to take such a big have been able to take such a big picture view and make these plays even a picture view and make these plays even a picture view and make these plays even a few years ago. One other area I did well few years ago. One other area I did well few years ago. One other area I did well on was trading Circle short. In fact, on was trading Circle short. In fact, on was trading Circle short. In fact, this might have been my best ticker of this might have been my best ticker of this might have been my best ticker of the whole year. For reasons beyond the the whole year. For reasons beyond the the whole year. For reasons beyond the scope of this video, when Circle went scope of this video, when Circle went scope of this video, when Circle went parabolic in late June, I was highly parabolic in late June, I was highly parabolic in late June, I was highly convicted that Circle was going to convicted that Circle was going to convicted that Circle was going to absolutely melt by year end. It very absolutely melt by year end. It very absolutely melt by year end. It very much reminded me of when Beyond Meat much reminded me of when Beyond Meat much reminded me of when Beyond Meat IPO'd. Circle capitulated on June 23rd, IPO'd. Circle capitulated on June 23rd, IPO'd. Circle capitulated on June 23rd, I felt strongly that that would be the I felt strongly that that would be the I felt strongly that that would be the top and holding a core short would be top and holding a core short would be top and holding a core short would be one of the best opportunities of the one of the best opportunities of the one of the best opportunities of the year. I tried my best to hold a core year. I tried my best to hold a core year. I tried my best to hold a core position short, covering dips and adding position short, covering dips and adding position short, covering dips and adding on pops. Incredibly, I was able to on pops. Incredibly, I was able to on pops. Incredibly, I was able to navigate that view into year end and got navigate that view into year end and got navigate that view into year end and got exceptionally aggressive as we broke exceptionally aggressive as we broke exceptionally aggressive as we broke below $110 in November. Circle ended up below $110 in November. Circle ended up below $110 in November. Circle ended up panning out exactly as I expected using panning out exactly as I expected using panning out exactly as I expected using Beyond Meat as an analog. And referring Beyond Meat as an analog. And referring Beyond Meat as an analog. And referring back to lesson number two, this was a back to lesson number two, this was a back to lesson number two, this was a playbook I was never able to execute playbook I was never able to execute playbook I was never able to execute well back during the Beyond Meat IPO, well back during the Beyond Meat IPO, well back during the Beyond Meat IPO, but many years later, I was able to dust but many years later, I was able to dust but many years later, I was able to dust it off and make the best trade of my it off and make the best trade of my it off and make the best trade of my year. It goes to show that even after 15 year. It goes to show that even after 15 year. It goes to show that even after 15 years, I myself am still learning, years, I myself am still learning, years, I myself am still learning, observing, and finding ways to improve observing, and finding ways to improve observing, and finding ways to improve my game. For someone that spends a ton my game. For someone that spends a ton my game. For someone that spends a ton of time now creating great YouTube of time now creating great YouTube of time now creating great YouTube videos, publishing twice a week, it was videos, publishing twice a week, it was videos, publishing twice a week, it was nice to see that I've still got it. And nice to see that I've still got it. And nice to see that I've still got it. And this is a good time to subscribe if you this is a good time to subscribe if you this is a good time to subscribe if you haven't yet. Lesson number four, the haven't yet. Lesson number four, the haven't yet. Lesson number four, the biggest, most scalable money is in swing biggest, most scalable money is in swing biggest, most scalable money is in swing trading, but that doesn't mean it's the trading, but that doesn't mean it's the trading, but that doesn't mean it's the best money for you. While probably the best money for you. While probably the best money for you. While probably the topic of a future video, it is my belief topic of a future video, it is my belief topic of a future video, it is my belief that intraday trading offers the best that intraday trading offers the best that intraday trading offers the best expected value. And if you are someone expected value. And if you are someone expected value. And if you are someone that is good at quick decision-making that is good at quick decision-making that is good at quick decision-making and can stay glued to the screens, which and can stay glued to the screens, which and can stay glued to the screens, which for most traders shouldn't be a problem, for most traders shouldn't be a problem, for most traders shouldn't be a problem, intraday trading is the best area to intraday trading is the best area to intraday trading is the best area to focus on for an assortment of reasons. focus on for an assortment of reasons. focus on for an assortment of reasons. That being said, swing trading is where That being said, swing trading is where That being said, swing trading is where a lot biggest and most scalable trading a lot biggest and most scalable trading a lot biggest and most scalable trading opportunities can be found because you opportunities can be found because you opportunities can be found because you can put on larger size without the same can put on larger size without the same can put on larger size without the same liquidity issues of intraday trading. If liquidity issues of intraday trading. If liquidity issues of intraday trading. If you're trying to become truly elite, ass you're trying to become truly elite, ass you're trying to become truly elite, ass in the seat is not optional. This is a in the seat is not optional. This is a in the seat is not optional. This is a performance profession, you don't get performance profession, you don't get performance profession, you don't get good casually. And for the most part, good casually. And for the most part, good casually. And for the most part, scalability only becomes a problem once scalability only becomes a problem once scalability only becomes a problem once you're actually trading large amounts of you're actually trading large amounts of you're actually trading large amounts of capital. As a result of those two capital. As a result of those two capital. As a result of those two factors though, what I've seen is that factors though, what I've seen is that factors though, what I've seen is that more and more of my trading has moved more and more of my trading has moved more and more of my trading has moved towards swing trading. Swing trading towards swing trading. Swing trading towards swing trading. Swing trading this year provided some incredible this year provided some incredible this year provided some incredible Qullamaggie style swing long Qullamaggie style swing long Qullamaggie style swing long opportunities with huge scalability. I'm opportunities with huge scalability. I'm opportunities with huge scalability. I'm still not an expert at these strategies, still not an expert at these strategies, still not an expert at these strategies, but I'm learning. In fact, I even made but I'm learning. In fact, I even made but I'm learning. In fact, I even made this video on how Qullamaggie structures this video on how Qullamaggie structures this video on how Qullamaggie structures his long swing trades. What has been so his long swing trades. What has been so his long swing trades. What has been so fascinating is seeing how simple but fascinating is seeing how simple but fascinating is seeing how simple but effective systems truly work across all effective systems truly work across all effective systems truly work across all products and time frames. There is products and time frames. There is products and time frames. There is certainly a learning curve with swing certainly a learning curve with swing certainly a learning curve with swing trading, much like everything else, but trading, much like everything else, but trading, much like everything else, but if you've been hesitant to expand time if you've been hesitant to expand time if you've been hesitant to expand time frames in search of more liquidity or frames in search of more liquidity or frames in search of more liquidity or less screen time, I highly recommend you less screen time, I highly recommend you less screen time, I highly recommend you prudently and safely explore it. So, the prudently and safely explore it. So, the prudently and safely explore it. So, the point of lesson four is to be point of lesson four is to be point of lesson four is to be open-minded as far as scaling your open-minded as far as scaling your open-minded as far as scaling your trading across time frames. Lesson five, trading across time frames. Lesson five, trading across time frames. Lesson five, this move has been apparent to me for a this move has been apparent to me for a this move has been apparent to me for a while and I've been tweeting the while and I've been tweeting the while and I've been tweeting the highlights in the news, but the move to highlights in the news, but the move to highlights in the news, but the move to 24/7 trading is coming and it's coming 24/7 trading is coming and it's coming 24/7 trading is coming and it's coming fast. We are moving toward a world where fast. We are moving toward a world where fast. We are moving toward a world where the financial markets are ubiquitous. the financial markets are ubiquitous. the financial markets are ubiquitous. You can trade any product, any day of You can trade any product, any day of You can trade any product, any day of the week, at any time. In a world that the week, at any time. In a world that the week, at any time. In a world that becomes more continuous, some of the old becomes more continuous, some of the old becomes more continuous, some of the old boundaries disappear. Market hours, boundaries disappear. Market hours, boundaries disappear. Market hours, overnight gaps, weekend breaks. Many overnight gaps, weekend breaks. Many overnight gaps, weekend breaks. Many traders have asked me what I think the traders have asked me what I think the traders have asked me what I think the implications of 24-hour trading are. The implications of 24-hour trading are. The implications of 24-hour trading are. The truth is, I myself don't fully know. I truth is, I myself don't fully know. I truth is, I myself don't fully know. I suspect the market will always need an suspect the market will always need an suspect the market will always need an opening price and a closing price for opening price and a closing price for opening price and a closing price for market structure reasons, but what will market structure reasons, but what will market structure reasons, but what will happen to certain technical strategies happen to certain technical strategies happen to certain technical strategies if there's no such thing as a gap up or if there's no such thing as a gap up or if there's no such thing as a gap up or a gap down? I don't know, but I do know a gap down? I don't know, but I do know a gap down? I don't know, but I do know traders will need to adapt. There is one traders will need to adapt. There is one traders will need to adapt. There is one implication I'm sure of. As markets implication I'm sure of. As markets implication I'm sure of. As markets increasingly go 24/7, it will become increasingly go 24/7, it will become increasingly go 24/7, it will become more and more important for traders to more and more important for traders to more and more important for traders to set boundaries. It is not healthy to be set boundaries. It is not healthy to be set boundaries. It is not healthy to be on the clock 24/7. As the world on the clock 24/7. As the world on the clock 24/7. As the world increasingly moves that direction, how increasingly moves that direction, how increasingly moves that direction, how can you make sure your trading doesn't can you make sure your trading doesn't can you make sure your trading doesn't interfere with your sleep? What interfere with your sleep? What interfere with your sleep? What opportunities might you be willing to opportunities might you be willing to opportunities might you be willing to trade during weekends? Does it need to trade during weekends? Does it need to trade during weekends? Does it need to be a $1,000 trade or a $10,000 trade? be a $1,000 trade or a $10,000 trade? be a $1,000 trade or a $10,000 trade? Personally, in this move toward 24/7 Personally, in this move toward 24/7 Personally, in this move toward 24/7 trading has been one of my least trading has been one of my least trading has been one of my least favorite changes over the last few years favorite changes over the last few years favorite changes over the last few years and has already meaningfully impacted my and has already meaningfully impacted my and has already meaningfully impacted my life in a bad way. Many know how much I life in a bad way. Many know how much I life in a bad way. Many know how much I care about my health and peace of mind. care about my health and peace of mind. care about my health and peace of mind. Yet now with Blue Ocean and equities Yet now with Blue Ocean and equities Yet now with Blue Ocean and equities trading nearly 24 hours a day, it has trading nearly 24 hours a day, it has trading nearly 24 hours a day, it has made my move toward swing trading far made my move toward swing trading far made my move toward swing trading far more costly in terms of lifestyle. There more costly in terms of lifestyle. There more costly in terms of lifestyle. There were so many days these past few years were so many days these past few years were so many days these past few years that I've barely slept while monitoring that I've barely slept while monitoring that I've barely slept while monitoring exposure or trading in and out of exposure or trading in and out of exposure or trading in and out of positions. This move toward 24/7 trading positions. This move toward 24/7 trading positions. This move toward 24/7 trading has affected my ability to focus at the has affected my ability to focus at the has affected my ability to focus at the gym, to focus when out to dinner, and to gym, to focus when out to dinner, and to gym, to focus when out to dinner, and to get to sleep on time and capture that oh get to sleep on time and capture that oh get to sleep on time and capture that oh so important deep sleep. My solution so so important deep sleep. My solution so so important deep sleep. My solution so far, I've implemented technology to far, I've implemented technology to far, I've implemented technology to block me from checking quotes and block me from checking quotes and block me from checking quotes and trading during times when I should be trading during times when I should be trading during times when I should be asleep. At 9:00 p.m., my phone is pretty asleep. At 9:00 p.m., my phone is pretty asleep. At 9:00 p.m., my phone is pretty much neutered and it's time to relax and much neutered and it's time to relax and much neutered and it's time to relax and get ready for bed. In the morning, no get ready for bed. In the morning, no get ready for bed. In the morning, no trading or checking quotes until after I trading or checking quotes until after I trading or checking quotes until after I am up and I've got in my morning am up and I've got in my morning am up and I've got in my morning sunlight. The truth is though, when sunlight. The truth is though, when sunlight. The truth is though, when something really crazy is going on, I something really crazy is going on, I something really crazy is going on, I inevitably continue to sacrifice my inevitably continue to sacrifice my inevitably continue to sacrifice my health for more wealth. Old habits and health for more wealth. Old habits and health for more wealth. Old habits and But this is an area I continue to But this is an area I continue to But this is an area I continue to struggle with. I try to always be real struggle with. I try to always be real struggle with. I try to always be real with you all and I think many of you are with you all and I think many of you are with you all and I think many of you are going to struggle with this too. Lesson going to struggle with this too. Lesson going to struggle with this too. Lesson six, ChatGPT is a tool that can amplify six, ChatGPT is a tool that can amplify six, ChatGPT is a tool that can amplify you as a trader and if you don't take you as a trader and if you don't take you as a trader and if you don't take advantage of it, you will be trading far advantage of it, you will be trading far advantage of it, you will be trading far below your potential over time. Let's be below your potential over time. Let's be below your potential over time. Let's be very clear, ChatGPT is not your edge. It very clear, ChatGPT is not your edge. It very clear, ChatGPT is not your edge. It does not magically make you profitable, does not magically make you profitable, does not magically make you profitable, but it can compress time and increase but it can compress time and increase but it can compress time and increase throughput. It can help you summarize throughput. It can help you summarize throughput. It can help you summarize catalysts faster, organize your catalysts faster, organize your catalysts faster, organize your journaling, generate checklists, create journaling, generate checklists, create journaling, generate checklists, create trade plan templates, and more. The trade plan templates, and more. The trade plan templates, and more. The traders who use tools like this well are traders who use tools like this well are traders who use tools like this well are not using it to predict price. They're not using it to predict price. They're not using it to predict price. They're using it to do more high quality work using it to do more high quality work using it to do more high quality work per minute. More prep, more review, more per minute. More prep, more review, more per minute. More prep, more review, more clarity with less wasted effort. In a clarity with less wasted effort. In a clarity with less wasted effort. In a world where information is cheap, the world where information is cheap, the world where information is cheap, the advantage goes to the person who can advantage goes to the person who can advantage goes to the person who can translate information into action translate information into action translate information into action efficiently. For a few ideas of how I efficiently. For a few ideas of how I efficiently. For a few ideas of how I use ChatGPT in my trading so far this use ChatGPT in my trading so far this use ChatGPT in my trading so far this year, check out this video. Lesson year, check out this video. Lesson year, check out this video. Lesson seven, don't waste too much time trying seven, don't waste too much time trying seven, don't waste too much time trying to understand or listen to the to understand or listen to the to understand or listen to the fundamentals. Your time as a trader is fundamentals. Your time as a trader is fundamentals. Your time as a trader is better spent understanding sentiment and better spent understanding sentiment and better spent understanding sentiment and studying the chart. I'm not saying studying the chart. I'm not saying studying the chart. I'm not saying fundamentals don't matter in the long fundamentals don't matter in the long fundamentals don't matter in the long run. I'm saying your paycheck as a run. I'm saying your paycheck as a run. I'm saying your paycheck as a trader comes from price action. The trader comes from price action. The trader comes from price action. The chart is the only truth. My best trades chart is the only truth. My best trades chart is the only truth. My best trades happen when I'm listening to the chart. happen when I'm listening to the chart. happen when I'm listening to the chart. My worst trades happen when I'm fighting My worst trades happen when I'm fighting My worst trades happen when I'm fighting it. Think back to the April 2025 tariff it. Think back to the April 2025 tariff it. Think back to the April 2025 tariff sell-off. This was an emotionally sell-off. This was an emotionally sell-off. This was an emotionally charged time when the world was changing charged time when the world was changing charged time when the world was changing quickly. Literally one headline was quickly. Literally one headline was quickly. Literally one headline was moving global markets by multiple moving global markets by multiple moving global markets by multiple percentage points. Information was percentage points. Information was percentage points. Information was changing so quick and the traditional changing so quick and the traditional changing so quick and the traditional analysts were more lost than anyone. analysts were more lost than anyone. analysts were more lost than anyone. While fundamental analysis was failing While fundamental analysis was failing While fundamental analysis was failing to keep up to the daily changes, the to keep up to the daily changes, the to keep up to the daily changes, the technicals never stopped being a true technicals never stopped being a true technicals never stopped being a true North Star you could rely on. It isn't North Star you could rely on. It isn't North Star you could rely on. It isn't that the news or the headlines don't that the news or the headlines don't that the news or the headlines don't matter, but the chart is at least 80% of matter, but the chart is at least 80% of matter, but the chart is at least 80% of my decision. Sentiment is a big factor my decision. Sentiment is a big factor my decision. Sentiment is a big factor and the fundamentals just really aren't and the fundamentals just really aren't and the fundamentals just really aren't so big of a deal to me. I still laugh so big of a deal to me. I still laugh so big of a deal to me. I still laugh over a tweet Qala Maggi had that he was over a tweet Qala Maggi had that he was over a tweet Qala Maggi had that he was compiling a list of the shittiest compiling a list of the shittiest compiling a list of the shittiest companies possible so that he could companies possible so that he could companies possible so that he could monitor them for long setups. So many monitor them for long setups. So many monitor them for long setups. So many traders try to rationalize price action. traders try to rationalize price action. traders try to rationalize price action. Most of the time you can't. Price action Most of the time you can't. Price action Most of the time you can't. Price action is simply the aggregate actions of is simply the aggregate actions of is simply the aggregate actions of global participants buying and selling. global participants buying and selling. global participants buying and selling. They all have their own individual They all have their own individual They all have their own individual reasons. Trying to overly logic or use reasons. Trying to overly logic or use reasons. Trying to overly logic or use fundamentals to rationalize the move is fundamentals to rationalize the move is fundamentals to rationalize the move is a fool's errand. Most moves are not a fool's errand. Most moves are not a fool's errand. Most moves are not fundamentally driven. They're driven by fundamentally driven. They're driven by fundamentally driven. They're driven by sentiment and those buying and selling. sentiment and those buying and selling. sentiment and those buying and selling. The chart always reflects that. Never The chart always reflects that. Never The chart always reflects that. Never ever lose sight of the chart. Lesson ever lose sight of the chart. Lesson ever lose sight of the chart. Lesson eight, advanced traders should be eight, advanced traders should be eight, advanced traders should be trading all products. Not because you trading all products. Not because you trading all products. Not because you need to be a master of everything need to be a master of everything need to be a master of everything overnight, but because the best overnight, but because the best overnight, but because the best opportunities rotate. As I explained in opportunities rotate. As I explained in opportunities rotate. As I explained in my video on expected value, which you my video on expected value, which you my video on expected value, which you can watch here, I am for the most part can watch here, I am for the most part can watch here, I am for the most part an expected value maximalist. Every an expected value maximalist. Every an expected value maximalist. Every decision you make should be thought of decision you make should be thought of decision you make should be thought of in terms of expected value. It is in terms of expected value. It is in terms of expected value. It is foolish to assume that the best expected foolish to assume that the best expected foolish to assume that the best expected value trade will always be in the value trade will always be in the value trade will always be in the product class that you are most familiar product class that you are most familiar product class that you are most familiar with. Some years, there are incredible with. Some years, there are incredible with. Some years, there are incredible opportunities in crypto. Some years, opportunities in crypto. Some years, opportunities in crypto. Some years, there are incredible opportunities in there are incredible opportunities in there are incredible opportunities in futures and options. Over the last four futures and options. Over the last four futures and options. Over the last four years, I've done a really great job of years, I've done a really great job of years, I've done a really great job of expanding my comfort zone into all those expanding my comfort zone into all those expanding my comfort zone into all those products and I've been pushing the products and I've been pushing the products and I've been pushing the traders I work with to do the same. traders I work with to do the same. traders I work with to do the same. There is an eight-figure P&amp;L per year There is an eight-figure P&amp;L per year There is an eight-figure P&amp;L per year trader I work with who is exceptional at trader I work with who is exceptional at trader I work with who is exceptional at trading equities. I was able to expand trading equities. I was able to expand trading equities. I was able to expand his comfort zone and I helped him his comfort zone and I helped him his comfort zone and I helped him structure the same short trade in circle structure the same short trade in circle structure the same short trade in circle that I did using puts. He ended up that I did using puts. He ended up that I did using puts. He ended up having one of his best trades of the having one of his best trades of the having one of his best trades of the year in options and options are now a year in options and options are now a year in options and options are now a tool he is focusing on in 2026 to help tool he is focusing on in 2026 to help tool he is focusing on in 2026 to help him elevate his trading game even him elevate his trading game even him elevate his trading game even further. I'm working on a video about further. I'm working on a video about further. I'm working on a video about the pros and cons of trading all the the pros and cons of trading all the the pros and cons of trading all the different asset classes, so subscribe if different asset classes, so subscribe if different asset classes, so subscribe if you don't want to miss it. Lesson 10, you don't want to miss it. Lesson 10, you don't want to miss it. Lesson 10, just kidding. This is lesson nine. I just kidding. This is lesson nine. I just kidding. This is lesson nine. I just want to make sure you're still with just want to make sure you're still with just want to make sure you're still with me. Beware of the comparison game. This me. Beware of the comparison game. This me. Beware of the comparison game. This year, I got the privilege of mentoring year, I got the privilege of mentoring year, I got the privilege of mentoring more traders than I ever have before. I more traders than I ever have before. I more traders than I ever have before. I worked with three trading firms and worked with three trading firms and worked with three trading firms and hundreds of traders across all hundreds of traders across all hundreds of traders across all experience levels. Want to know the most experience levels. Want to know the most experience levels. Want to know the most universal issue I heard from everyone? universal issue I heard from everyone? universal issue I heard from everyone? It didn't matter whether they were six It didn't matter whether they were six It didn't matter whether they were six months in or six years in, unprofitable months in or six years in, unprofitable months in or six years in, unprofitable or an eight-figure P&amp;L per year trader. or an eight-figure P&amp;L per year trader. or an eight-figure P&amp;L per year trader. Most everyone struggles to some degree Most everyone struggles to some degree Most everyone struggles to some degree with the comparison game. Especially in with the comparison game. Especially in with the comparison game. Especially in the age of social media where the most the age of social media where the most the age of social media where the most successful people are the most visible successful people are the most visible successful people are the most visible ones, so many traders developed skewed ones, so many traders developed skewed ones, so many traders developed skewed expectations of this job. I mentored expectations of this job. I mentored expectations of this job. I mentored beginner traders that didn't know that beginner traders that didn't know that beginner traders that didn't know that trading is a multi-year learning curve trading is a multi-year learning curve trading is a multi-year learning curve to find profitability. I mentored to find profitability. I mentored to find profitability. I mentored traders that didn't know compounding traders that didn't know compounding traders that didn't know compounding accounts at 100% per year would put you accounts at 100% per year would put you accounts at 100% per year would put you amongst the best traders ever if done amongst the best traders ever if done amongst the best traders ever if done consistently over decades and they all consistently over decades and they all consistently over decades and they all dealt with the pervasive feeling that dealt with the pervasive feeling that dealt with the pervasive feeling that every trader around them was finding every trader around them was finding every trader around them was finding more success than they actually were. more success than they actually were. more success than they actually were. There are benefits from comparing There are benefits from comparing There are benefits from comparing yourself to others. You can be inspired. yourself to others. You can be inspired. yourself to others. You can be inspired. You can find areas of opportunity and You can find areas of opportunity and You can find areas of opportunity and this can drive you, but you must this can drive you, but you must this can drive you, but you must remember that trading is always you remember that trading is always you remember that trading is always you versus the market and also you versus versus the market and also you versus versus the market and also you versus yourself. The amount of unproductive yourself. The amount of unproductive yourself. The amount of unproductive stress traders put on themselves is stress traders put on themselves is stress traders put on themselves is incredible. Never ever lose sight of the incredible. Never ever lose sight of the incredible. Never ever lose sight of the fact that you need to always focus on fact that you need to always focus on fact that you need to always focus on yourself and how you can make your yourself and how you can make your yourself and how you can make your trading better. It is not ever about trading better. It is not ever about trading better. It is not ever about what anyone else is doing. It's only what anyone else is doing. It's only what anyone else is doing. It's only about you taking the daily actions that about you taking the daily actions that about you taking the daily actions that will get you to where you want to be. will get you to where you want to be. will get you to where you want to be. Lesson 10 and my final lesson for this Lesson 10 and my final lesson for this Lesson 10 and my final lesson for this video. This year had some enormous lows video. This year had some enormous lows video. This year had some enormous lows for me and some enormous highs. It is for me and some enormous highs. It is for me and some enormous highs. It is during the lows that we must keep on during the lows that we must keep on during the lows that we must keep on pushing for there will be better days pushing for there will be better days pushing for there will be better days ahead and it is during the highs that we ahead and it is during the highs that we ahead and it is during the highs that we must be grateful for what we have must be grateful for what we have must be grateful for what we have achieved. Wherever you find yourself achieved. Wherever you find yourself achieved. Wherever you find yourself now, remember that you always have now, remember that you always have now, remember that you always have control over your future. You might have control over your future. You might have control over your future. You might have underperformed your expectations this underperformed your expectations this underperformed your expectations this year or you might have outperformed year or you might have outperformed year or you might have outperformed them. That is in the past now. Nobody them. That is in the past now. Nobody them. That is in the past now. Nobody knows whether 2026 will be incredible knows whether 2026 will be incredible knows whether 2026 will be incredible trading or a dull boring market. trading or a dull boring market. trading or a dull boring market. Ultimately, it is out of our hands Ultimately, it is out of our hands Ultimately, it is out of our hands anyways. All we can control is the anyways. All we can control is the anyways. All we can control is the actions we take each day and those will actions we take each day and those will actions we take each day and those will determine where we end up with our determine where we end up with our determine where we end up with our goals. In a world where information is goals. In a world where information is goals. In a world where information is increasingly accessible, what will increasingly accessible, what will increasingly accessible, what will separate people the most in all areas of separate people the most in all areas of separate people the most in all areas of life is that they end up taking life is that they end up taking life is that they end up taking consistent actions to get them to their consistent actions to get them to their consistent actions to get them to their goals. I mean, this video and my entire goals. I mean, this video and my entire goals. I mean, this video and my entire channel is free, but I know most people channel is free, but I know most people channel is free, but I know most people who watch are not taking the steps I who watch are not taking the steps I who watch are not taking the steps I discuss and those who do stand to discuss and those who do stand to discuss and those who do stand to benefit greatly. The end of the year is benefit greatly. The end of the year is benefit greatly. The end of the year is always an incredible time to take stock always an incredible time to take stock always an incredible time to take stock of what we have and reflect on what of what we have and reflect on what of what we have and reflect on what actions we need to take to get to where actions we need to take to get to where actions we need to take to get to where we are going. Finally, if you want the we are going. Finally, if you want the we are going. Finally, if you want the full breakdown of my 2025 trading year, full breakdown of my 2025 trading year, full breakdown of my 2025 trading year, the tickers I made the most and lost the the tickers I made the most and lost the the tickers I made the most and lost the most money in, and a breakdown of what I most money in, and a breakdown of what I most money in, and a breakdown of what I thought the best opportunities were and thought the best opportunities were and thought the best opportunities were and why, check out my trading course as I'll why, check out my trading course as I'll why, check out my trading course as I'll be doing a huge comprehensive review as be doing a huge comprehensive review as be doing a huge comprehensive review as part of it. Thank you for watching, give part of it. Thank you for watching, give part of it. Thank you for watching, give a subscribe, and let's see what 2026 a subscribe, and let's see what 2026 a subscribe, and let's see what 2026